I was trying to show you all this beautiful little squirrel before I started.
He's hungry; he's eating french fries.
He grabbed that french fry and he's going up the tree.
You see him up there?
He's a fat thing; he likes french fries.
God is so good.
Don't you just love nature?
I have a better angle.
All right, let's see here.
Well, we just came from Victory Church in Tulsa and we went to see John Bevere with my family.
And you know, on the way to the church today, the Lord showed me that massive revival again and he spoke to me about being hungry.
He said, 'Brandon, never lose your hunger for what's coming.
' He said, 'You must remain hungry; keep yourself stirred up for what's coming, being filled with the Holy Spirit.
' It's so vital to go and get in those rivers whenever you have a speaker come to your church like that.
I've never visited Victory in Tulsa; we've always gone over to Collinsville.
But when I was going over there, the Lord showed me the caps of the wells again and the great revival.
He spoke to me and he said, 'Brandon, I'm going to use this church.
' He's looking for people who will just say yes.
He's looking for people because he said, 'Brandon, I'm running out of time.
' There are so many ministers right now that he's tugging at their hearts; he's tugging at their heartstrings, saying, 'Will you be a vessel that will help me bring in the harvest?
Will you be those people that God can use in this last outpouring?
' There are so many people that if they just have a little bit of a check going, 'I don't know,' he's going to bypass you.
He's out of time; he's not going to sit there and try to coerce you into being part of this revival.
If you are a vessel that wants to be used in the revival, you're going to be used.
I believe it's all hands on deck; this is an all-hands-on-deck type scenario.
If your heart is hungry and thirsty for the Lord, get ready, because in this scenario, he is looking for those that seek him—they will find him.
Those that knock, the door will be opened unto them.
I'm telling you all, when I went into this church at Victory—and usually I steer away from megachurches a lot; I worked at one and I saw all the drama behind the scenes, you know, that's just my opinion—so Diana and I kind of gravitate towards smaller churches.
But when we went in there, the presence of the Lord was so strong and the people going down to the altar worshipping the Father, it was genuine.
You look for: is this a show?
I always have my spiritual antennas up.
When people say, 'Are you judging them?
' No, I'm discerning.
And I genuinely discerned a spiritual hunger in these people.
The Lord showed me that it was about the Mabee Center and the glorious outpouring and the uncapping of the wells that were back in the 1950s.
I told you, from Jack Coe to Oral Roberts to Kathryn Kuhlman to William Branham, to all the greats that used to walk in the healing movement and the revival—it was the same thing.
I'm telling you, they barely touched a thimbleful of what God's about to do in these end times.
We will finish this up, and he has called you for such a time as this.
He saved the best for last; that's what he was showing me: 'Brandon, I've saved the best for last.
' And right now, he said, 'I'm tugging at the people's hearts to see who is for me, who will go and preach the gospel to this final generation.
' He said, 'Fan the flame of hunger; never lose the hunger for me.
Keep me a priority in your life.
' I just want to encourage you all to be excited about what God is about to do in this end-time army.
Diana and I can see it; we both felt it.
I said, 'My goodness, didn't you, babe?
' It's amazing how hungry the people are.
I really believe, tangibly, with Oral Roberts University being there and how hungry those kids are, you could see them there.
Megan's handing in the to-go box.
Bill Johnson is going to be there tonight and he's going to be preaching, and I've never heard him live before, so we're going to go listen.
The old wells—so Bill Johnson's coming and he's going to preach three services, I believe.
I've never heard him live before, so I thought, 'Well, let's go and check it out.
' I guess he has Bethel Church out in California.
I'm just hungry for y'all.
I know what I've seen about the plague and the things that the Lord has told me about it.
I made a video on it but I haven't released it.
The Lord showed me more about this; I had an open-eyed vision about four days ago, and he showed me dates.
I'm just keeping that to myself right now, just praying over it, because I don't want to be hasty in releasing something just because I see it.
Because of how the platform has grown, I think it's wisdom to pray over things a lot more and not be so quick.
Right now, he said, 'Fan the flame.
Go on YouTube and fan the flame.
Get people excited about what's coming—a major harvest of souls.
' Look at all the things.
In the first week of Trump being in office, all the change that is happening.
Hasn't it been amazing, Diana?
He's done more in the first week of his presidency than Joe Biden did in his whole four years.
It's been incredible.
Even with the Prince of Saudi Arabia—I started, I went, 'Oh my God, he's doing a deal with MBS.
' He's like, 'I think we can make it a trillion-dollar deal.
' It's just amazing to see the end times unfolding right in front of our faces.
I believe we will see in the days ahead a great acceleration of Turkey helping out Syria.
When I was praying, the Lord showed me that the Temple Mount, the Third Temple in Jerusalem, is about to be built.
Trump will have a major part in bringing forth the peace accord with Saudi Arabia and these other nations, and we will see the Third Temple be built in a short amount of time.
I'm not going to tell you when, but I'm telling you it's coming.
Get ready, because we're seeing something that has to happen so that the Lord Jesus Christ is coming back.
We're in that last generation; we are the generation that will not taste death.
We are the generation that will experience the great outpouring, a spiritual awakening.
Billie said, 'Brandon, it's bigger than a revival.
' Because I said, 'A revival is coming, Mrs.
Billie.
' And she said, 'No, an awakening unto God is coming.
' Billie said, 'An awakening unto God is a generation of people who are filled with and controlled by the Holy Spirit.
' Diana's going to look that up for us so I can get it precise.
Where did that squirrel go?
Oh, he dropped the french fry on the limb up there.
He's looking at me going, 'What is he doing down there?
' He doesn't trust me; he's freaking out.
Everybody want to say hi to Braden?
There's my boy; that's Braden.
He's the one that does the videos for you all the time.
I'd show you my Paisley, but I still keep her secret right now because she's so young.
Megan's in the back seat laying down.
She just got her belly full of a hamburger.
An awakening is when God sovereignly pours out his spirit and it impacts a culture.
That is what happened during the Jesus Revolution.
A revival, on the other hand, is what the church most experiences; it's when the church comes back to life and returns to passion.
America needs a spiritual awakening, but the church needs a revival.
It's a bigger impact.
Just like she was talking about the Welsh Revival.
In the Welsh Revival, they had to retrain the mules for the miners because they were so used to being spoken to with profanity that when the fire of God showed up and changed them, they had to retrain those donkeys because they didn't know how to do the commands without profanity.
The revival changes you from the inside out.
The Lord's going to change you from the inside out; he will deliver you from generational curses.
Abraham was a father of many nations.
It was a generational thing.
What John Bevere said he called his rabbi friend, and his rabbi friend was telling him that it was 'I'll bless you,' and he repeats it three times in that Bible verse.
It was generational, changing your bloodline in the spirit realm.
We are changing what you thought—well, 'My dad was a drunkard, and his dad was a drunkard.
' It will stop with me.
I will be the one in my generation that will break the family curses.
As for me and my house, we will serve the Lord.
We're barrier breakers.
I'm telling you, it's time to look up, for our redemption is drawing nigh.
2025 will be a year of great outpouring.
We're going to start to see a major turnaround starting, I believe, from Rosh Hashanah to Rosh Hashanah.
The Lord said this to me: 'Brandon, we're going to start to see a major turnaround of things.
' We see the first fruits of President Trump coming on the scene and changing things for the better.
What the devil meant for bad, God's going to turn it around for good.
In this next four years until the next Shmita cycle, we have a window to bring in the lost.
Even if it's four years until the next Shmita cycle, we have a great opportunity to go home in the Rapture of the church by 2028.
The Tribulation will kick off at the next Shmita cycle; it will be a seven-year window of tribulation.
We would start to see this temple being built, like the Lord told me—that Trump would have a hand in bringing in the peace accord with Saudi Arabia so that they can build the Third Temple.
What will we do with what God has given us?
Especially you pastors: have a church ready for the Holy Spirit to move in.
Are you all in?
Have you said, 'Yes, Lord, here am I, use me'?
Diana and I are saying, 'Yes, here am I, Lord, use us.
' If he can use me, folks, he can use you.
I was just a janitor.
I cleaned floors for hours and I just said, 'God, use me.
Send me to the nations.
' Braden was a little boy; I'd sit him on my lap and we'd pray in the Holy Spirit.
We have a compassion for the lost.
He will do something with those that are hungry.
Just sell out today.
Never lose that childlike expectation, kind of like on Christmas morning, that Daddy's going to come through.
He gives us an expected end; he has good things for us.
I think a lot of times people get weary in well-doing and you lose that sense of awe, like John Bevere was talking about in his book today.
Don't lose your awe for him because he's worthy of it all.
All this other crap is just what it is.
We just wanted to encourage y'all today.
We were just sitting here looking at the squirrel.
I saw the squirrel and his french fry he left up there.
I wanted to be like Bob Ross and say, 'Hey, little peanut-in-the-pocket squirrel, how are you doing, little buddy?
' We sit out here in the car because Megan doesn't like to get out much.
We got Starlink up here, so we are able to do our internet and download our videos through our mobile command center.
Braden got an Apple computer; we're so thankful for the person that sowed that to him.
We're humbled.
Never take for granted the small things.
My heart's just full.
We believe that Megan's going to be completely healed.
You know, he said, 'Do you trust me?
' If anything was to happen with Diana and me, it will help take care of her when we're gone.
And those are the things we have to say: 'Do we trust him?
' I say, 'Lord, I believe, but help my unbelief,' because right now I'm weak and having a hard time because I see my daughter is still overcoming.
You can't let fear steal that peace.
Diana doesn't have a problem with her weight; she's always Steady Eddie.
Is our peanut-in-the-pocket squirrel up there again?
He's looking at us like, 'Go away, dude.
' Well, you can look around; there's a nice Olive Garden over there.
Father, I thank you for every single one of these people.
We call their marriages restored.
We believe for babies, for supernatural childbirth.
We believe for creative ideas for jobs.
If you could like this video and subscribe.
We have all these other channels—Portuguese, French, Hindi, Spanish, Korean, Chinese, Filipino, Russian, Vietnamese, and Japanese.
It's all done through AI.
He said, 'Minister to my people while it is day, for night is coming.
' Put a smile on your face and a song on your heart.
Jesus loves you so much.
God bless you all, and we will see you again soon.
Bye-bye.